Hi Sam!

Thanks again for giving me and Alex such a wonderful tour last weekend! Needless to say, I'm greatly looking forward to getting my new piano!

The hurricane looks scary, and right now it looks like it is headed for you -- although not with nearly the intensity that it will hit Florida. I hope that both you and your basement of pianos weather the storm without incident!


Anyway, as requested, I'm sending some photos both of the outside of my house, and of the living room where they'll go. I apologize if the photos are a bit hard to make head or tail of; I'm happy to take more (or a video).

Also, I underestimated the number of stairs (again, my apologies); there are seven in each direction.

In between the stairs the pathway is about eight feet or so. I can measure it exactly if need be. You can see this bit of path along with a refrigerator that was recently removed from the rental unit upstairs (which should provide some scale). There is also a photo with a railroad tie; I imagine that the most logical path would be to park on this driveway, to roll the piano from the driveway down into the grass and across the railroad tie, and to the pathway. This would bypass one of the two staircases.


I also attach some photos of my living room (maybe around 13 x 13 or so), together with a schematic diagram. Do you have any suggestions on how to place the piano -- for best acoustics, and also so it disturbs the upstairs neighbors as little as possible? (I'm not sure if anything I do here would make a difference.)

I'm of course happy to move furniture around or out of the room as need be.


Finally, I'd like to ask for your advice -- I don't know how to own a nice piano. As you can see from the photos, my home is scruffier than I imagine most of your clients' are. My furniture is mostly cheap or secondhand, and I'm not in the habit of caring for nice things. So I probably don't have the right kind of "common sense".

Would you recommend that I contact my home insurer, and see if my existing insurance will cover a piano? (And is it important to do so before the piano arrives? I imagine they are swamped with phone calls right now.) I'm guessing that I should buy one or more rugs this weekend -- any advice as to what kind? I leave town quite a bit, and when I do I usually turn the heat/AC off no matter what season. Should I stop doing that, with a piano in the house? And should I try to control the humidity?


Any advice you could offer would be most welcome.

Thank you very much! -Frank

